fix(curriculum): Clarifiy the explanation of Python’s `//` (floor division) operator. (#62297)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-introduction-to-python/67fe859e9d3b3635197781c8.md

print('Float Modulus:', mod_floats) # Float Modulus: 1.1999999999999993
```

> Floor division divides two numbers and returns the largest integer less than or equal to the result (the mathematical floor). This is done with the double forward slash operator (`//`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Floor division divides two numbers and returns the greatest integer less than or equal to the result. This is done with the double forward slash operator (`//`):
```

## --answers--

> It divides two numbers and returns the largest integer less than or equal to the result (the mathematical floor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It divides two numbers and returns the greatest integer less than or equal to the result.
```
